Let me show you how you can create nested routes with that.
I don't mean nested folders which allows you to construct you are else like Slash users slash one.
These are also kind of nested.
But I mean that you load the content for a to be loaded into a number page like let's say here for a
single user.
Right now all our routes simply replace each other always the entire screen is occupied by one page.
Now let's say we want to load the user id the route for the user id right below our input field and
button on the slash user's page.
We can do it as with next and doing it is really simple.
One thing is that you need to adjust the naming.
The first thing you have to do is you have to create a new file next to that user's folder.
So next to the folder where you want to have a nested route in this file.
Therefore in our case is created in the pages folder directly has to have the same name as the folder
so users don't view.
Now with that file created you of course have to add a template in there and this template is now a
wrapper for both the index that you fall in the Users folder and any other nested droughty want to load.
So if you want to load this part here and put in the button in both the just slash users you and the
nested views then you should copy or cut the code from the index that you followed the users folder
to the user rest of you fault template there.
And of course therefore in this case you also need to cut the script portion into the users view file
and now you add a special component to that user thought you fall the next child component which you
can write as a self-closing component.
It's provided by next J.S. and it simply marks the place where the different sections of that nested
route should be loaded.
Now we have two sections.
We have just slash users which currently doesn't show anything in the index that you follow.
And we got our selected users so to say so in just slash users we could output a paragraph where we
say please enter an ID and click the button and this will be replaced with the output of the user's
ID file.
Once we did so with that if we go back and we reload slash users we see the input the button and our
text and event or a number here then this text gets replaced with that Id text for the loaded single
user and that is a truly nested route where we nest the content that should be rendered into a number
page.
Now this is of course purely optional but if you have some page where you have some rapin content and
want to then exchange certain parts of the page depending on the Suppe routes then this is the approach
you want to take.